---
title: AAUP/UNC workers meeting 8/21 12PM
---

As of August 17, 279 students and 45 employees at UNC-CH had tested positive, according to UNC-CH Campus Health (a rate of over 12%). Many of us were, therefore, relieved by yesterday's announcement that all undergraduate instruction at UNC-Chapel Hill would move on-line starting today, August 19.

But we are not out of the woods yet. Our leaders are making no move to send students home and have no plans to close the dorms. There will be no effort to reduce density at fraternities and sororities, over which the university has limited jurisdiction. In short, the threat of continued viral spread will remain high. Campus workers, the entire communities of Chapel Hill and Carrboro, as well as many students are still vulnerable.

The situation at other UNC campuses, forced by the BOG to stay open, is likely to get just as bad or worse. Clusters have already appeared at ECU, Appalachian State, NC State, and UNC-Wilmington.

In light of these conditions, we are asking you once again to join us in a call on our leaders to intervene. We have prepared a letter to Governor Cooper and other state leaders asking them to order all system campuses to close their dorms to all but the students who must stay on campus and to move instruction on-line. Simply fill out the form at the link below.

Click here to [read and send a letter](http://bit.ly/dysfUNCtional) urging Governor Cooper and state and county health directors to close campus residences to most students and move all system instruction online.

We are also calling another meeting of faculty, staff, and students from UNC-CH and from other UNC campuses to discuss the situation and our next steps.

Please join us at the link below on Friday, August 21 at 12 noon ET.

https://unc.zoom.us/j/94358093237

For the Zoom password, please email info@unc-ch-aaup.org or DM [@unc_ch_aaup](https://twitter.com/unc_ch_aaup), or contact one of the officers below.

Please reach out to one of the AAUP officers with questions, etc.

Karen Booth  karenmbooth@gmail.com

Michael Palm  mwpalm@gmail.com

Jay Smith  jaysmith711@gmail.com 
 
We hope to see you there! 
