---
title: Concerns about chancellor-elect at Fayetteville State / State AAUP meeting
---

The AAUP national office has sent a [letter of concern](/assets/aaup-letter-to-chair-augustine-3-9-21.pdf) to the chair of the Board of Trustees at Fayetteville State University regarding [their recent selection of Mr. Darrell Allison as chancellor](https://www.faystatefaculty.com/post/chancellor-selection-news-commentary-round-up). The faculty senate at Fayetteville State has passed a resolution urging the board to rescind the offer on the grounds that Mr. Allison “lacks the requisite academic experience necessary to serve as the leader of an academic institution.” See also this [special report at NC Policy Watch](http://www.ncpolicywatch.com/2021/02/24/pw-special-report-how-did-darrell-allison-cut-in-line-to-become-the-new-chancellor-at-fayetteville-state-its-a-secret/). It appears that the UNC System is once again subordinating the principles of shared governance.

The state AAUP meeting will be held this **Saturday, March 13, from 1 to 3PM** via Zoom.

The meeting’s agenda will be to discuss how shared governance and academic freedom have fared at different North Carolina institutions during COVID. The plan is to have members of each institution represented in the state conference briefly address the following questions, which relate to issues of institutional governance during the pandemic:

1. How would you characterize the decision to change course delivery methods in response to the COVID-19 pandemic?

2. How would you characterize decisions to reopen the campus during the COVID-19 pandemic?

3. How would you characterize budget decisions in response to the COVID-19 pandemic?

4. In general, how influential has faculty participation been during the COVID-19 pandemic, and to what degree has faculty participation changed since the COVID-19 pandemic?

5. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, have academic programs, majors, or minors been eliminated, or have no programs been eliminated?

6. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, has the administration or board declared a financial exigency or fiscal emergency, or has there been no such declaration? Have there been terminations of faculty appointments, including faculty layoffs, or have there been no such terminations?

7. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, has the administration or board unilaterally declared existing institutional regulations, such as sections of the faculty handbook, as no longer in force?

8. Have faculty at your institution faced any academic freedom issues related to the COVID-19 pandemic?

9. What are other current concerns faculty have at your institution?

If you are interested in attending, please contact Michael Behrent at michaelcbehrent@gmail.com to request the Zoom link. It will be made available to any AAUP member or faculty member who requests it.
